Display KUDO contributors (#69)
kudobuilder/www: content/community/team/alex.md

---
author: true
alias: zen-dog
name: Alex
avatar: alex.jpg
about:

>   Alex is an engineer and he solves problems. Sometimes this involves writing code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Alex is a Staff Engineer at D2iQ and he solves problems. Sometimes this involves writing code.
```

>   Alex is simply awesome, but someone has yet to put his awesomeness into a brief and meaningful summary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Alex is an engineer and he solves problems. Sometimes this involves writing code.
```
